okay here we are the greenhouse we got
all the panels in we got everything done
all the tunnels on top we got a police
helicopter running around out here you
see it they got a guy some got bare with
a gun in the car little ways like
filming I heard it on the scanner well
there it is I saw all the panels in this
panel here comes already chopped with
this this one comes cut and that one car
everything comes cut it's just a put it
in place and put the clips in and you're
done that's it that's what she looks
like the only thing I really haven't
been happy Cooper no put that down here
let me have it
put it back I just think really happy
with the way you do the door and its
odds okay but it's not it's not what a
fair - been a little bit smoother come
on boys this on me know what you think
about it
and here's the door with it cause I mean
it's it's got a little it's a little bit
off but we just have to tweak it a
little bit so that's the one that's here
you pull them out
you can put it in there hey y'all put
that and a lot the ones that you just
kind of fit it in there and pull it down
it's not though it's not a better way in
the world that I've seen I'm doing one
nothing no that's okay
find a better way to do it somehow and
if it sticks in a bunch of cores on
Christ come on let's go ah well that's
all that's it like I say the door is a
little bit hard to push kids my mom hang
on code SAVE even push advice man he's
three years old and he can do it surely
a grown-up can ah well there it is y'all
have a good one